content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
title: Edward Leung
first_name: Edward
last_name: Leung
role: MASc in Electrical and Computer Engineering
avatar_filename: avatar.png
bio: My research interests include quantum computing and silicon photonics.
interests:
  - Quantum Computing
  - Silicon Photonics
  - Machine Learning
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: mailto:edwardleung(remove)@ece.ubc.ca
  - icon: linkedin
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/edwardleun/
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://github.com/Xoreus
  - icon: graduation-cap
    icon_pack: fas
    link: https://scholar.google.ca/citations?user=WmV8LZUAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=sra
organizations:
  - name: University of British Columbia
    url: https://ece.ubc.ca/
education:
  courses:
    - course: MASc in Electrical and Computer Engineering
      institution: University of British Columbia
      year: ""
    - course: BEng in Computer Engineering
      institution: York University
      year: 2022
email: ""
superuser: true
highlight_name: true
---
Hello! My name is Edward Leung and I am currently a MASc student at the University of British Columbia. My primary research interest is in the application of silicon photonics in quantum applications, and am currently under the supervision of Professor Lukas Chrostowski. I am also apart of the NSERC CREATE in Quantum Computing Program and Mitacs Accelerate. For more information about my qualifications and experiences please take a look at my resume!

{{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} {{< staticref "uploads/EdwardLeung_AcademicResume1.pdf" "newtab" >}}Resume{{< /staticref >}}

Commit message:

nov update
changes to profile pic, summary, and employment information.

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
title: Edward Leung
first_name: Edward
last_name: Leung
role: MASc in Electrical and Computer Engineering
avatar_filename: avatar.png
bio: My research interests include quantum computing and silicon photonics.
interests:
  - Quantum Computing
  - Silicon Photonics
  - Machine Learning
social:
  - icon: envelope
    icon_pack: fas
    link: mailto:edwardleung(remove)@ece.ubc.ca
  - icon: linkedin
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://www.linkedin.com/in/edwardleun/
  - icon: github
    icon_pack: fab
    link: https://github.com/Xoreus
  - icon: graduation-cap
    icon_pack: fas
    link: https://scholar.google.ca/citations?user=WmV8LZUAAAAJ&hl=en&oi=sra
organizations:
  - name: University of British Columbia
    url: https://ece.ubc.ca/
education:
  courses:
    - course: MASc in Electrical and Computer Engineering
      institution: University of British Columbia
      year: "Dec 2025"
    - course: BEng in Computer Engineering
      institution: York University
      year: "April 2022"
email: ""
superuser: true
highlight_name: true
---
Hello and welcome! I'm Edward Leung, a driven MASc student at the University of British Columbia, deeply immersed in the fascinating world of quantum computing. Currently under the supervision of Professor Lukas Chrostowski, my research focus currently revolves around the innovative application of silicon photonics in quantum technologies. I am a participant of both the NSERC CREATE in Quantum Computing Program and the Mitacs Accelerate initiative, I am actively contributing to the project titled 'Integrated photonics control and readout system for quantum computing.' I am also interested at the intersection of software and quantum advancements, and I am eagerly seeking a software-related internship in the quantum computing space for the summer of 2024. For an overview of my qualifications and experiences, please explore my resume, website, and any additional links under my picture. Thank you for visiting!

{{< icon name="download" pack="fas" >}} {{< staticref "uploads/EdwardLeung_Resume_MASTER(Nov 2023).pdf" "newtab" >}}Resume{{< /staticref >}}
